User Guide:
    Goal of the Game:
    The goal of the game is to complete all 7 levels. Each level has from 2 to 5 keys.
    The keys will appear in the same spaces but in random order. The player has to collect
    all keys in order to complete a level. The platforms listed below, will be used throughout
    the game to generate more interesting scenarios. The main gimmick of the game is that the
    player can divide into two smaller blocks. In the big state the blocks can fall of the map,
    while in the small state it can't. Thus if the two small blocks are in the same platform they
    will join and form a big block again. There are also lives, the player starts with 3 but can
    gain more through the LifePlat. If the player runs out of lives it is game over. The player can
    loose lives by running out of movements or falling off the map. If so, the level will restart with
    one less life.

    Platforms:
        Normal:
            Color:MediumVioletRed
            Has no Special power, just serves as a space that the player can move into
        BigBPlat:
            Color:Blue
            Only lets movement if the player is the big block mode, and it will light up
            when the player can use it
        SmallBPlat
            Color:Green
            Only lets movement if the player is the small block mode, and it will light up
            when the player can use it
        EndPlat:
            Color:Red
            It is the platform that ends the level if all keys are collected in order
        SeparationPlat
            Color: Orange
            Divides the big block player into two other blocks
        LifePlat:
            Color:Pink
            Gives one extra life to the player if the player
        TPPlat:
            Color:Yellow
            Teleports the player 2 spaces ahead in the direction that it is going
        OriginPlat:
            Color:Silver
            Teleports the player to the origin

    KeyInputs:
        All of the key inputs are the same in the small state
        The only difference is that the keys will move both
        at the same time. This, if the block is allowed to move
        if only one is allowed to move, only that block will move.

        UP Arrow Key:
            Moves the player one space Up
        Down Arrow Key:
            Moves the player one space Down
        Right Arrow Key:
            Moves the player one space Right
        Left Arrow Key:
            Moves the player one space Left
        M:
            Mutes the song
    Limitations of the Game:
        Sadly, there is a bug where the whole game lags after arbitrary time intervals.
        Nonetheless, in order to fix the issue I created a button that eliminates the lag.
        Also sometimes the separation platform won't instantiate the visual small blocks, but
        they are logically there, the anti-lag button also solves this issue.